## Resource Manager Implementations Located  in ./swagger_server

resource_manager.py - base object for all resource manager types

cpu_resource_manager.py / dfe_resource_manager.py - examples of resource managers for multi-CPU and multi-DFE nodes with specific supported tasks and implementations

hnode_resource_manager.py - example of a heterogeneous node resource manager

cluster_resource_manager.py - example of a cluster resource manager

### 'Best'graph inputs:

In the top level resource manager (hnode_resource_manager or cluster_resource_manager), manually input autoscaling rules. For example, max/min_cpus, max/min_dfes, inc/dec_t, as_window, candidate workers (wodker_types),  worker_pool, start_group, etc. See the source files for all inputs. 

### Performance modelling and profiling:

All functions to build performancemodels are in the low level resource managers (dfe_resource_manager and cpu_resource_manager), specified for all supported tasks. To build performance models, profiles need to be stored in the database. To collect profiles for a specific function, use the ../client/collect_profiles.py application.


# Swagger generated server

## Overview
This server was generated by the [swagger-codegen](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-codegen) project. By using the
[OpenAPI-Spec](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-core/wiki) from a remote server, you can easily generate a server stub.  This
is an example of building a swagger-enabled Flask server.

This example uses the [Connexion](https://github.com/zalando/connexion) library on top of Flask.

## Requirements
Python 3.5.2+
